"A play is a world, with its own inhabitants and its own laws and its values."
Saroyan

"The wolf knows what the ill beast thinks."
A bad person can easily find and identify another bad person.

"The best swimmers are oftenest drowned."
Even those most in their element can sometimes be swept away.

"Death is the great leveler."
One's station in life doesn't matter; all people are simply dead when they die. 

"Even if you lean on a cane, don't lean on people."
Don't depend on others too easily.

"Bad news travel fast."
Wanting to divulge others' misfortunes is the way of the world. News of people's misfortunes reach the farthest corners of the world quickly.

"Think in the bathroom."
The best place for contemplation is the restroom.

"All theory, dear friend, is gray, but the golden tree of life springs ever green."
Goethe

"What first seems like a virgin, later becomes an escaping rabbit."
At first, keep quiet and calm like a virgin, but later, attack with full force like a rabbit running for its life.

"Too many cooks spoil the broth."
When too many people are involved with the planning and execution of a thing, the varying opinions and directions can ruin said thing.

"Many a true word is spoken in jest."
The unexpected often comes from the normal and mundane. Also, things spoken as jokes can become the truth and cause conflict.

"Better the devil you know than the devil you don't."
If you absolutely have to deal with something bad, then the bad thing you know is preferable to the completely unknown bad thing.

"Stagnant water is covered with dust."
If water builds up without flowing, it will rot.

"Animals are such agreeable friends. They ask no questions; they pass no criticisms."
George Eliot

"Even a demon can cry."
Even the hardest heart will sometimes be moved to pity.

"Honey in the mouth, sword in the gut."
Things that taste sweet to the mouth may not necessarily be good for the stomach.

"Metaphysics is the finding of bad reasons for what we believe upon instinct; but to find these reasons is no less an instinct."
Bradley

"Provide first to the man who does not take."
If you want something, try getting on the person's good side.

"Remnants from the eye of a demon."
Even the most thorough searcher sometimes overlooks things.

"Pick up your ax and jump into the abyss."
Just as an ax is useless underwater, outside of the appropriate situation, even useful tools can be a burden.

"The cautious remain unscathed."
Be careful, and you won't make mistakes.

"The drunker, the safer."
Drunkards rarely get hurt. Those who stop giving a shit somehow tend to avoid making mistakes.

"The eagle does not catch flies."
Even if an eagle is starving to death, it won't reduce itself to eating garbage.

"Turn your hand up, the clouds; turn it down, the rain."
Human nature easily changes like turning your hand over, and is unreliable like the changing of clouds and rain.

"Rain stopping at night means rain."
Rain that stops falling during the night will rarely last long.

"Peeking at the ceiling through a hole in the pipe."
This means having a very narrow-minded viewpoint about things.

"A fool speaks of a dream."
This means things are becoming more and more cloudy due to ridiculousness, like an idiot trying to explain a dream.

"Men use thought only to justify their injustices, and speech only to conceal their thoughts."
Voltaire

"Useless like beating the air."
Something not worth doing at all. A complete waste of effort.

"A soft answer is a specific cure of anger."
If someone attacks you, accept the blow softly. Don't go for vengeance.

"A reward for one's way."
Taking the opportunity to do something.

"Mosquito larvae will hatch in the drinking cup."
Sei Shonagon

"The best type of friendship is one in which our friends have no right to rely on us, but in which we still have the power to use them."
Henri de Regnier

"A fallen blossom doesn't return to the branch, a broken mirror cannot be made to shine."
Something that is already out of commission can't be brought back again.

"Take away the results of a person's education, and nothing will remain."
Kant

"Freedom is the recognition of necessity."
Engels

"The torch has been passed to a new generation."
John F. Kennedy

"Know thyself."
Socrates